I am from Ukraine, the city of Khmelnitsky,
what city of Russia are you from
?
less and more evil I manage the
philosophical question less more evil
finally I met philosophers in
chatroulette only cattle So I was looking for a
philosopher I myself am a philosopher, by the way,
Socrates, you can remember that you are from the teachings of
Socrates
No, I’m more modern according to the niche
you think life determines  consciousness
or consciousness determines being
creation
so well let's like Nietzsche to know
less Vedas we'll talk to you
I just read I just don't
seem to have enough information I just read
Cool
tell me how he said he wrote how he said
who
zarastrukta for promotion it didn’t
work out Yes  wai once again it's like being
too lazy
Come on
Zara correctly here are the 4 letters of the first
correctly as they said who
will not grow over the bell And come on again
Well, the meaning of you is not only the cover you
considered this word read to us a bunch of times Yes,
damn it I just Who began to say the
need for  what do you want to ask
questions about
who it is grow in general where this
word came from I don’t know no maybe there is
such a trend religious Zarathustrianism of the
method
there is then let’s talk about philosophy Let’s go back
yes less evil more evil I understand that
philosophers Tell us
approach the war here is less evil more
explain what  less and evil the
more evil there Russia is more evil Yes,
you understand, firstly,
because everyone has their own Propaganda,
everyone has their own idea,
and let's say we say one thing, you
say another I have roots from
Ukraine and when I was in Ukraine  well,
Eastern, of course, in Kharkov, but still
there is one Propaganda, we have another
propaganda, this is an information war where
people are [ __ ] They just litter their heads and
all
this with  it’s scary just to watch what is
happening with the fraternal peoples now, I
don’t know who your head is littered with
looks like you Propaganda is littering the head
not only for us and for you too You
say what you think you have
tomorrow on your head that’s specifically for you
Everyone is pissed But except for you
No, I didn’t say that, well, in short,
Propaganda shits everyone above, but here you are, as
if you have this [ __ ] umbrella Yes,
let go Propaganda doesn’t give a [ __ ] about you or
not
No, it concerns certain people
who are easily amenable to any suggestion
[music] of a
person and more That’s all and you  you don’t
give in to wearing it so it didn’t
affect you so much I can’t speak for
it whether it affects me or not It would
be wrong to the maximum because
Propaganda in any case you can watch
grains of truth
man, you understand why Russia
attacked Ukraine, in your opinion,
there are many options, in fact, I have
let's say this option is the
first option, this is in t  oh that after
Geopolitics, that is, ours, which
simply wants to
roughly speaking expand Russia, this is the most
stupid and banal in most cases
, the second is that Russians were
destroyed in our Donbass in Lugansk,
children were slaughtered,
and so on, and we decided to somehow
stop it,
and the third is  the fact that somewhere in our and
your government there are some
third parties who, roughly speaking, are for this
war, that is, somehow connected with
capitalism, perhaps, that is,
I don’t know world Jewry Perhaps
Let’s also like your versions
Let’s have a couple more versions
Yes I  I think there is no longer a version enough
That is, you think that the world
Jews are setting
it up Maybe it’s just as an option I don’t
claim that either you asked me the
options I named them all
But for example you are subject
I am not Why
Because I didn’t serve opinion 19 years 18
at 19
I just study at the institute and therefore I am
not subject And if, for example, I say that
damn it to us that we will defeat NATO,
we will even take students to  s somehow your
philosophy will change,
but it’s unlikely, of course, but you understand
that we’re unlikely to say we had
partial mobilization, it’s there in general,
I came to me, I received a summons and there
weren’t very many people taken away, unfortunately
we were done as illiterately as possible,
here’s
roulette  you specifically choose Ukraine, it’s
just interesting to talk there and you
have adequate people Inadequate people
It’s just that I’m wondering and there was nothing you
want to talk with Ukrainians
I’m just discussing a topic that doesn’t even
relate to war, for example
No, it’s not true And what school subjects
don’t ask each other about baseball  maybe
Here, for example, imagine here, yes,
I got you here.